Why invite so many people?
The top part is arranged by the chairperson.
Said to take the opportunity to promote the partnership between the two
Why are you here?
I took Mr. Lu to the story ceremony
Aunt Gu is holding a birthday party here
No, no, no, no.
I stopped by to join in the fun
Bajie is fine
What do you have to do with the story?
This is the biography of the story.
Girls are called big miss
Boys are called eldest young master, right?
Yes, Master Lu
I just saw your brother downstairs.
He is also an employee of Story
That's right, he didn't say bad things to you.
My brother is young and vigorous
Don't take it personally
See your face
I forgive him for his bitterness
Humph
Deer, you will come in with me later.
Grandpa Deer, why are you here?
You go take grandpa deer home
No need to send
I'm here to see my future granddaughter-in-law
Grandpa must be here to talk about marriage on behalf of Master Lu
You can't hide it from me now
Grandpa, don't make trouble.
I will never go to Gu Qianyuan
I have the final say in this matter
Grandpa has something I want to tell you.